feat(commonjs): add kill-switch for mixed es-cjs modules (#358)
rollup/plugins: packages/commonjs/README.md

If false, skips source map generation for CommonJS modules.

### `transformMixedEsModules`

Type: `Boolean`<br>
Default: `false`

> In case of modules that contain commonjs code you can enable/disable the transformer. Set it to `true` if you know that `require` calls should be transformed, or `false` if you know that the code contains env detection and the `require` should survive the transform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instructs the plugin whether or not to enable mixed module transformations. This is useful in scenarios with mixed ES and CommonJS modules. Set to `true` if it's known that `require` calls should be transformed, or `false` if the code contains env detection and the `require` should survive a transformation.
```

It would be useful for users to also link to an explanation of what a mixed module is, as well as information on what the transformation looks like. This won't be common knowledge to most folks, and we should try to make it discoverable.

Reviewer 2: Nice, I also just added a change suggestion 😝 I guess you can mix an match now @danielgindi

> In case of modules that contain commonjs code you can enable/disable the transformer. Set it to `true` if you know that `require` calls should be transformed, or `false` if you know that the code contains env detection and the `require` should survive the transform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case of ES modules that contain CommonJS elements such as `require` calls, you can enable/disable the transformer. Set it to `true` if you know that `require` calls should be transformed, or `false` if `require` should survive the transform unchanged, which can be useful to ignore environment detection code or when bundling the render process of an Electron application.
```

Reviewer 2: I think it might be confusing to refer to ES modules as just modules here because CommonJS modules are also modules in a way.
